# I accepted an offer from LeoLabs!

Yup, it just happened. It was a great way to close out 2021. I've been
thinking about working in the space industry for a while now, at least
since 2017. I actually talked to folks at Planet in 2017, when I was
leaving Twitter, but it wasn't the right place or the right time.

Now, it's happening! LeoLabs has created a network of radars to monitor
Low Earth Orbit (LEO) and provides its customers with data they can use
to manuver their satellites and avoid collisions in orbit.

I first learned about LeoLabs on Nov 4th, 2021; there was a blurb on my dialy
netwletter that caught my eye:

"Space sure is crowded: Check out this [visualization](https://platform.leolabs.space/visualization)
of all the debris, satellites, and other objects floating in low-Earth orbit."

I explored the visulization, the company's website and offerings, and their jobs
page. I saw a position open for remote Senior Software Engineer to work on their APIs.
I got excited, immediately updated my resume, and applied that same day. I also started
practicing for the interview process.

That's how things went down from there:

*   On Nov 9th LeoLabs recruiter contacted me about my application.

*   On Nov 17th I had a conversation with the hiring manager, the person running
platforms at LeoLabs.

*   I had interviews with engineers on Dec 10th, and 16th; On the 17th I spoke with their Product Manager.

*   On Dec 27th, I got a verbal offer; on the 29th I had the chance to speak with LeoLabs CFO, and on the last day of the year, I verbally accepted the offer!

I'll talk more about LeoLabs in the future, today I just wanted to register
how things went down in terms of getting a job there.
